# CS 250 Final Journal
# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
I accurately interpret user needs by listening to their stories about what they would like to see implemented. This is called "user stories", which is essentially what it sounds like. First, the user describes what they would like to see implemented in the program. Then, the person listening needs to be asking follow-up and clarifying questions to create what they want to see implemented accurately. Doing this creates a deeper connection with the clients and the users because it shows them that they are listening to their needs and integrating changes that benefit the users into the program.
# How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
My main approach to developing programs has been to first look at the requirements and then start developing each one a small piece at a time, making sure everything works and runs together. This is similar to an agile approach. However, I feel that I can improve it. For example, I essentially look at the requirements and then brainstorm ideas and see what works. Instead, I could create my own user stories by clearly reading the requirements and then breaking them up into small jobs to be completed. This way, I will accurately judge how long the program will take and be more efficient in my work.
# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
In my opinion, a good team member is always communicating their progress, what they are working on, and if they need any help. In conjunction with this, a good team member needs to be willing to help other team members excel in areas where they might not be proficient, instead of just blowing them off and letting them figure it out on their own.
